Extended documentation for upgrading from CI3 to CI4 (#4338)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/installation/upgrade_4xx.rst

- There is no longer a nested ``application/core`` folder, as we have
  a different mechanism for extending framework components (see below)

**Model, View and Controller**

> - CodeIgniter is based on the MVC-Concept and so the changes on the Model, View and Controller
>   are one of the most important you have to handle.
> - In CodeIgniter 4 models are now located in ``app/Models`` and you have to add the lines
>   ``namespace App\Models;`` along with ``use CodeIgniter\Model;`` right after the opening php tag.
>   The last step is to replace ``extends CI_Model`` with ``extends Model``.
> - The views of CodeIgniter 4 have been moved ``to app/Views``. Furthermore, you have to change
>   the syntax of loading views from ``$this->load->view('directory_name/file_name')`` to
>   ``echo view('directory_name/file_name');``.
> - Controllers of CodeIgniter 4 have to be moved to ``app\Controllers;``. After that,
>   add ``namespace App\Controllers;`` after the opening php tag.
>   Lastly, replace ``extends CI_Controller`` with ``extends BaseController``.
> - For more information we recommend you the following upgrade guides, which will give
>   you some step by step instructions to convert the MVC-Classes in CodeIgniter4:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CodeIgniter is based on the MVC concept. Thus, the changes on the Model, View and Controller
  are one of the most important things you have to handle.
- In CodeIgniter 4, models are now located in ``app/Models`` and you have to add the lines
  ``namespace App\Models;`` along with ``use CodeIgniter\Model;`` right after the opening php tag.
  The last step is to replace ``extends CI_Model`` with ``extends Model``.
- The views of CodeIgniter 4 have been moved ``to app/Views``. Furthermore, you have to change
  the syntax of loading views from ``$this->load->view('directory_name/file_name')`` to
  ``echo view('directory_name/file_name');``.
- Controllers of CodeIgniter 4 have to be moved to ``app/Controllers;``. After that,
  add ``namespace App\Controllers;`` after the opening php tag.
  Lastly, replace ``extends CI_Controller`` with ``extends BaseController``.
- For more information we recommend you the following upgrade guides, which will give
  you some step-by-step instructions to convert the MVC classes in CodeIgniter4:
```

- Make any such classes where you like, and add appropriate
  service methods in ``app/Config/Services.php`` to load
  your components instead of the default ones

Upgrading Libraries

> ============================================================

Reviewer: Don't over extend the line.

> - Your app classes can still go inside app/Libraries, but they don’t have to
> - Instead of CI3’s ``$this->load->library(x);`` you can now use ``$this->x = new X();``,
>   following namespaced conventions for your component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your app classes can still go inside ``app/Libraries``, but they don’t have to.
- Instead of CI3’s ``$this->load->library(x);`` you can now use ``$this->x = new X();``,
  following namespaced conventions for your component
```

> - Some Libraries from CodeIgniter 3 no longer exists in Version 4. For all this
>   Libraries, you have to find a new way to implement your functions. These
>   Libraries are `Calendaring <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/calendar.html>`_, `FTP <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/ftp.html>`_, `Javascript <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/javascript.html>`_, `Shopping Cart <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/cart.html>`_, `Trackback <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/trackback.html>`_,
>   `XML-RPC /-Server <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/xmlrpc.html>`_ and `Zip Encoding <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/zip.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some libraries from CodeIgniter 3 no longer exists in Version 4. For all these
  libraries, you have to find a new way to implement your functions. These
  libraries are `Calendaring <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/calendar.html>`_, `FTP <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/ftp.html>`_, `Javascript <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/javascript.html>`_, `Shopping Cart <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/cart.html>`_, `Trackback <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/trackback.html>`_,
  `XML-RPC /-Server <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/xmlrpc.html>`_, and `Zip Encoding <http://codeigniter.com/userguide3/libraries/zip.html>`_.
```

> - All the other Libraries, which exists in both CodeIgniter Versions, can be
>   upgraded with some adjustments. The most important and most used
>   Libraries received an Upgrade Guide, which will help you with simple steps
>   and examples to adjust your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All the other libraries, which exist in both CodeIgniter versions, can be
  upgraded with some adjustments. The most important and mostly used
  libraries received an Upgrade Guide, which will help you with simple steps
  and examples to adjust your code.
```
